[Music]
in 2014 the new founding fathers of
America but solitary and ultra
conservative political party are voted
into office following an economic
collapse they pass a law that sanctions
an annual national Civic tradition
called the purge for 12 hours each year
all crime is legal except the murder of
politicians and all emergency services
are unavailable any citizen who
knowingly breaks the law of the purge
faces a summary execution by hanging in
2022 James Sandin returns to his home in
an affluent Los Angeles gated community
to wait out the night with his wife Mary
and their two children 17 year old Zoey
and 14 year old Charlie the family is
assured that the security system
manufactured by James's company will
keep them safe while the family awaits
the start of the purge Zoey meets her
boyfriend Henry an older boy whom James
dislikes due to his relentless pursuit
of a relationship with Zoey
James enables the security system and as
the purge begins the family disperses in
their home to go about their normal
routines Zoey returns to her room to
unexpectedly find Henry who quietly
snuck back in before the security system
was engaged and says that he plans to
confront her dad about their
relationship meanwhile Charlie watches
the security monitors and sees a wounded
man calling for help he temporarily
disables the system to allow the man
into the house
James races to re-engage the system and
holds the man at gunpoint as Henry comes
downstairs and pulls a gun on James
Henry fires at James and misses but
James fires back mortally wounding and
eventually killing Henry during the
chaos the wounded man disappears and
hides through the surveillance cameras
at the front of the sandins house the
family witness a gang of masked heavily
armed young adults riving at the front
lawn
after announcing that the subject of the
night Spurs that they are hunting
escaped their captivity the leader
politely warns them that failure to
surrender the wounded man within a given
time limit will result in the gang later
nicknamed by Mary the freaks breaking
into their home and killing them all
Mary asks James if the security system
will protect them but James admits the
system will not actually resist a
planned and heavy assault as their time
passes Mary and James decide to find the
man and surrender him to the freaks
counting down the time they have left
outside
Charlie witnesses the freaks surrounding
the house who the surveillance cameras
as they taunt the family in the process
of waiting for the family's time to be
up after capturing the wounded man the
sandins realized they're no better than
the freaks they decide to spare them
and make the decision to defend
themselves against the freaks with their
deadline having passed the freaks
secure chains to the metal plating on
the homes entrances and to a truck
forcefully disabling the security system
defensively James fights back with the
shotgun shooting and killing one of the
freaks after they attempt to kill
Charlie attempting to save his family he
kills several freaks including the love
interest of the leader before the leader
ambushes and fatally stabbed James James
is reunited with Mary and Charlie before
dying in the arms of his family Charlie
views the surveillance cameras and
notices their neighbors leaving their
homes
the neighbors ambush the gang members
outside before killing them with pistols
elsewhere Mary is subdued by two freaks
one of whom tickle tortures her before
almost killing her before the neighbors
arrive and shoot the attackers dead with
pistols as the leader prepares to kill
the remaining sandins with a shotgun
Zoey arrives and opens fire on him with
Henry's gun killing the leader and
saving the family Mary thinks their
neighbors for their support but one of
them grace Ferren reveals their hatred
for the Sandman's due to the wealth
acquired at their expense they tie Mary
Charlie and Zoey up with duct tape
pulling them out into the hallway to
kill them Mary resists but backs down
one of the neighbors threatens to shoot
Charlie
the man who Charlie allowed into the
house appears after killing a neighbor
with a handgun
he holds grace hostage forcing the
neighbors to free the sandins he asks if
Mary wishes to kill the neighbors but
Mary spares them supposedly in return
for saving the family from the gang and
chooses to have everybody wait until the
purge is over in the morning just before
the purge is to end grace attempts to
seize a shotgun from Mary Mary manages
to gain the upper hand striking and
breaking Grace's nose with the gun stock
and throwing her face against a glass
table Mary angrily reminds her there
will be no more violence in the
remaining minutes of the purge once the
siren sound off thus ending the purge
Mary demands the neighbors to leave and
they do so without incident Mary then
thanks the man for his help any bids the
sands good luck before leaving
not anymore this country's taking
everything
[Music]